Durak is undoubtedly the most popular card game in Russia. "Durak" means fool, the fool in this game being the loser.

A 36 card pack, the cards in each suit ranking from high to low: ace, king, queen, jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6.

When a player's hand is reduced to fewer than six cards it is replenished from the talon of undealt cards. After the talon is exhausted,
there is no more replenishment and the aim is to get rid of all the cards from your hand. The last player left holding cards is the loser.

The dealer shuffles and deals out the cards face down to the players one at a time, clockwise, until everyone has a hand of six cards.
The next card is placed face up in the centre of the table; its suit determines trumps.

In the first hand of a session, the holder of the lowest trump plays first. One that has the smallest trump shows it to prove they are
entitled to begin. The first play does not have to include the lowest trump - the holder of the lowest trump can begin with any card.
In the second and subsequent hands of a session, the player to the left of the dealer begins the play.

The attacker begins by playing any card from hand face up on the table in front of the defender. To beat off the attack the defender
will have to beat this and all subsequent attacking cards. A card which is not a trump can be beaten by playing a higher card of 
the same suit, or by any trump. A trump card can only be beaten by playing a higher trump. Note that a non-trump attack can always
be beaten by a trump.

Alternatively, if the defender cannot or does not wish to beat off the attack, the defender simply picks up
the attack card, which then becomes part of the defender's hand; in this case the attack has succeeded.

If the defender beats the first attack card, the attacker can continue the attack by playing another card.
If the defender beats this second attack card too, the attack can be continued with further cards, subject to the following conditions:

    each new attack card must be of the same rank as some card already played during the current bout - either an attack card or a card
    played by the defender; the total number of cards played by the attackers during a bout must never exceed six;

The defender succeeds in beating off the whole attack if either:

    the defender has beaten all the attack cards, and none of the defender's opponents is able and willing to continue the attack;
    the defender succeeds in beating six attacking cards;

When an attack is beaten off, all the cards played during the bout (the attacking cards and the defender's cards) are thrown face down
on a discard heap and are not used again during the play of this deal. The defender becomes the attacker for the next bout, and the player
to the new attacker's left is the new defender.

If at any stage, the defender is unable to or does not wish to beat one of the attack cards, the defender must pick up all the cards played
during the bout - both the attacking cards and the cards used to beat them. All these cards become part of the defender's hand.

The next attacker is the player to the left of the unsuccessful defender, and the new defender is the player
to the left of the new attacker as usual.